* MTV
[Dwight] Last night,
an attempt was made
on one of Bevilaqua's men.
Lay low, figure out
what Kansas City's gonna do.
-Shit just got real.
-We're gonna hit fucking Tulsa,
we're gonna hit 'em hard.
You understand me?
If it's the last
fucking thing I do,
I'm getting rid of him.
I think you should
go back to New York.
You break my heart.
I'm changing our agreement.
What, are you
leaving the business?
You are.
[clicks tongue]
What's this-- an intervention?
You're being moved aside.
Motherfucker!
Bill Bevilaqua's
planning to make
an attempt on your life.
Don't know the guy.
-You've been warned.
-Appreciate it.
Good luck staying alive.
You're not allowed
to be back here.
Where you gonna go, huh?
Fucking Mars?!
It was Ming
who tried to take him out
by blowing up Manfredi,
and he missed.
Do you know
what you fucking did?!
-Hey--
-I'm in a fucking war right now
because of you.
[Bodhi]
Gun!
Jimmy. Fuck!
[men singing, chanting]
Why do we smile in such sadness?
Because of the memories
of the laughter
that we shared in the past.
Why is there such relief
in sadness?
Because there is a peace in it.
There will never be fear again.
-[Old Smoke continuing]
-Yo, is that Jimmy in there?
Sure is, along with
some of his personal belongings.
All in accordance
with Native rituals, obviously.
I sent him to the other side
with some moon rocks.
What's he, Buzz Aldrin?
There's definitely
a buzz involved.
And he'll fly just as high.
-Moon rocks are the best.
-[Old Smoke] Deep peace...
Though we grieve his loss,
we're grateful for the time
we had with you, Jimmy.
That's very nice, Grace.
-Thanks.
-[Old Smoke] The moon and stars
-put their healing light on you.
-Jimmy'd appreciate it.
Deep peace of Mother Earth
and the four directions to you.
[quiet, indistinct chatter]
[Dwight]
This is definitely something
you don't see in New York
every day.
Hey, General.
Ah.
Sorry for your loss.
We're all sorry.
This...
is for you.
His mother, who's sick,
wanted you to have it.
Thanks, but why me?
She said Jimmy had great respect
for you as a leader.
Well, thank you very much.
I hope to put this to good use.
The people who did this--
they have interest in marijuana?
Yeah, well, it's a lot more
complicated than that.
There's a lot of 'em.
They took out a guy who owned
a 10,000-acre weed farm.
-[Dwight] Yeah.
-We want payback for this.
I know. And that's
got to be settled soon.
Yes, it does.
-We're at war.
-Good.
We have
the Maiule warriors here.
[Med Hat] Kinike, Himbosha,
Yaloka, Haiupe, and more.
All Nations allied.
That's good to know.
-Old Smoke.
-[grunts]
Say hello to our friends.
Dwight Manfredi,
this is Old Smoke.
How you doing?
What did you say your name was?
Dwight Manfredi.
"The-White."
[chuckles]
No.
Dwight with a D.
Uh-huh.
Like I said...
"The-White."
[laughing]
Okay.
Go in peace, brother.
Thanks.
[snorts]
What?
-"The-White," man.
-Don't start.
Yo, Da-White man?
Da-White Manfredi.
-He's like a seer.
-It's crazy,
How you never thought
about that? That's--
I love that shit. Da-White Man.
[laughs]
What's a seer, man?
-What are you talking about?
-Like, medicine man plus.
-[chuckles]
-You know, sees the future.
Come on, enough with the
dream catcher powwow bullshit.
[imitates explosion]
We got to concentrate
on what's important now.
Yeah, like when are we gonna
take out Bevilaqua?
Whoa, what happened
to all the pacifist shit?
Died along with Jimmy.
Jimmy was a good guy, Bodhi.
Jimmy and I were brothers, man,
and he's dead because of me.
Oh, don't even start that shit.
I invited him into this.
Hey, Bodhi, he accepted.
He was a grown man.
Okay. Well, excuse me for having
fucking survivor's guilt.
My conscience is still intact.
I can't afford to have
a conscience right now.
I cannot help the dead.
My job is to keep
the living alive.
-[laughs]
-[mutters, chuckles]
Hey, I'm gonna kill you.
Seriously.
* slow, suspenseful music
***
It's okay.
[horn honks]
-Fuck... Fuck, fuck.
-[horn honking]
Fucking motherfucker!
[horn honks]
[sniffles]
* percussive, upbeat music
***
I find that prick,
I'm gonna blow his brains out.
Somebody better,
before he flips to the FBI.
You ain't kidding.
What Armand knows--
put us all away.
What's the tally?
What'd he take?
He got little over a half a mil.
-Goddamn.
-I need you to go over
to Armand's house,
talk to his wife,
maybe you can
find out something.
I'm on it right now.
Good.
Fucking poor Jimmy.
What the fuck? This guy
just whacks him
and gets away with it?
No, that's not gonna happen.
It's not fucking gonna happen.
We got to kill him.
-Who?
-Bevilaqua, that's who.
We'll get him, Bodhi.
We'll get him.
[sighs]
[phone rings]
Fucking kidding.
The fuck you want?
We been talking, all of us.
Got a proposition for you.
Maybe a path back.
-What's that?
-Head west,
get Dwight back into the fold.
Didn't you guys already take
care of that at the sit-down?
Dwight don't like me.
You know that.
You, he might listen to.
He's a huge
fucking earner.
You cut some kind of a deal,
it could go
a long way over here.
Why don't we get rid of him?
Enough of this bullshit already.
I can't tell you what to do.
But as long as Tulsa's his,
it ain't ours.
* contemplative music *
***
[guard]
See anything, you let me know.
[Bevilaqua]
At this point, we lay low.
We take a beat
until I can figure out
how to deal with Manfredi next.
Maybe-maybe I call a truce.
How's that work?
We just clipped one of his crew.
Well, we got to try and squash
this fucking thing
or it's never gonna stop.
Over what--
a bullshit misunderstanding?
It's bad for fucking business.
Thresher needs to get whacked.
-[Matty] Dogs is right, skip.
-Yeah.
In due time, we'll deal
with Thresher, I promise.
And I told that greedy fuck
not to mess with Ming
a long time ago.
He didn't listen to me.
Now we're paying the price.
Exactly.
* ominous music playing
***
[phone rings]
Tyson.
I'm outside Armand's house.
It's empty.
Neighbors said they moved,
but don't even know where to.
Tomorrow, why don't you give
100 bucks to mailman.
Maybe she left
a forwarding address.
Okay. Will do.
-Hey.
Oh, I heard from Tina.
They're all settled in.
You know, maybe you ought
to go back to New York.
What, and leave you all alone?
It's not... it's not safe here.
If I wasn't safe, you would
just leave me alone?
Of course not,
but it's not the same thing.
I mean, I created
this fucking mess.
Oh, you know what?
No one's to blame.
No?
How about all this
was set in motion
a long time ago,
it just took a while
to get here,
but the check does come due.
That is not always true.
It is true, seriously.
We're here at this spot
in this time,
in this predicament,
because of the bad steps
I took a long time ago.
Like I say it again,
it's no accident.
No, Tina said the same thing
and she was right.
Okay. Let's say that's right.
What are you gonna do about it?
You can't go back
and change what was.
No, but I can change what is.
Meaning?
It means...
certain people got to go.
Who?
[knocking at door]
Stay there.
Yeah?
[Bigfoot]
It's me, boss.
Come in.
We have a visitor.
[thunder rumbles]
* contemplative music
***
[grunts]
I called Chickie
to reach out to Manfredi.
Vince, too.
I got radio fucking silence.
We're gonna have to take
extra precautions.
What the fuck you call this?
Look, Bill, I...
I don't know what to do.
You know what's funny?
You come find me every time
you're down to your last out.
What did I tell you?
I told you stay away
from the fucking Chinaman.
Yeah, that's a big help now.
Hey, you made this bed.
Okay? Not me.
You're gonna unmake it quick,
or I'm gonna put a bullet
in your fucking head.
Wait a second.
I may have a way
to get to Manfredi.
Just fucking fix it.
-I'll get it done.
-Fix it.
Yeah, go fuck yourself.
[door closes]
[birdsong]
[Spencer]
I've always wanted
to do something like this.
At least, I thought
I did, but...
-I'm not so sure anymore.
-I totally get it.
I mean, I... I love horses.
And it's not that
-I'm not grateful. I am.
-No.
No, I understand.
Now is the time
you should figure out
what you want to do
with your life.
But you got to be smart,
'cause it goes by really fast.
Thank you for understanding.
No problem.
Excuse me.
[engine stops]
Margaret.
We need to talk. It's important.
Me just being here
is putting my life in jeopardy.
[chuckles] Are you serious?
No, I'm fucking dead serious.
It's Ming.
What about him?
I didn't really tell you,
at least not directly.
He's dangerous.
Much more than I thought.
How?
I've seen him kill people,
and he enjoys it.
Oh. So, you got me in business
with a fucking psychopath.
Wait a second,
I think you are forgetting
that you came to us first,
Margaret.
Anyway, Ming has squeezed me out
and he's threatened my life.
He's dealing in everything now,
from heroin to arms
to human trafficking.
And now he's trying
to take everything with him.
Including my ranch?
Yeah, I'm sorry, Margaret.
-Fuck you.
-Ooh.
What am I supposed
to do about this?
Help me. Manfredi.
What?
Remember Bill Bevilaqua?
Yeah, your ex-partner.
Well, the two of them have been
in this shitty little fight now
for too long.
[scoffs] You really
know how to pick 'em, Cal.
Listen. Manfredi thinks
that Bill tried to kill him.
It wasn't Bill. It was Ming.
What do you want from me?
Convince Manfredi to sit down
and hear us out.
If not, we're all fucked.
* propulsive music
***
Yo, yo.
-Hey, Pop.
-Yeah, right here.
[chuckles]
Trying to go hit the court?
I could change clothes
real quick.
Oh, shoot, well, I'm still gonna
have to spot you a few points.
-Man, get out of here.
-[laughs]
How you doing? Doing all right?
Well, shit, yeah,
I'm glad to be home.
I'll tell you that, man.
There's only so much
hospital Jell-O a man can eat.
Oh, what? Ooh, I already know.
So, uh...
Where's Ma?
Well, that's actually
why I asked you to stop by.
Angie?
-Tyson.
-Mama.
So, I need to speak
to both of you.
Now, there's, uh...
there's something about
looking death in the face
that puts things
in perspective real quick.
The only thing
that you think about,
worry about, care about
is your family.
I know you're upset
with our son,
and I don't blame you.
I have my own issues with
your choices, as you know.
But I love you both more
than anything in this world.
And there's nothing more
important to me than my family.
So I need you two
to get past this.
I need us to be together again.
Because for me,
losing my family...
...would be worse than death.
* gentle music *
***
[Dwight] Five grand if you can
get it inside the 20.
Oh!
You know, Chickie and Bevilaqua
are essentially the same guy.
Everything they got--
[scoffs]
was handed to 'em
by their old man.
Only thing I got handed
was a fucking backhand.
Yeah, but look how good
you turned out.
-True.
-[Bigfoot] Hey, boss?
What are you doing here?
You show up where I work
all the time.
I know, but it's not safe.
Yeah, that's what I'm hearing
about my ranch.
What happened?
Can we go sit somewhere
and talk?
Yeah, sure. Come on.
So, what's going on?
[soft chuckle]
Okay.
-About a year ago...
-Mm.
I had a problem with my ex.
You met him.
Yeah, don't remind me.
[chuckles] Yeah.
It was actually
right after that.
He did a little
creative accounting
and tried to buy me
out of the ranch.
I needed cash.
A lot of it.
Quickly.
Why didn't you come to me?
Because I felt stupid and...
and we didn't have
that kind of relationship.
So, anyway,
I had known Cal Thresher
a long time.
And God knows he was rich, so...
He bailed me out.
Took a position in the ranch.
How big a position?
Forty-nine percent.
We'll buy him out.
Not that simple.
He came in with a psychopath
of a partner.
Guy named Ming.
-Ming.
-And according to Cal,
it was Ming who was behind
your car bombing.
You believe that?
I don't know. I don't know.
All I know is he asked me
to intervene on his behalf,
see if you would be willing
to talk to him and Bevilaqua.
Mm-mmm.
I'm way past talking.
I'm asking you
to do this for me.
If you're having trouble,
I'll take care of it.
It's not me I'm worried about.
How?
Revenge to the man
has to be so severe
that his vengeance
need not be feared.
Machiavelli said that, not me.
You want a drink?
[laughing] I could use one.
-Yes, please.
-[laughs]
[woman] Reservations.
How can I help you?
Yeah, hi. I'm trying to book
a flight on the website,
but it keeps telling me
it's rejected.
To whom do I have
the pleasure of speaking?
Charles Invernizzi.
Thank you, Mr. Invernizzi.
Do you have a rewards number?
Yes.
HJB3168.
Okay, one second
while I look that up.
Okay, I see that you've been
blocked by the TSA.
What?
You're on the No Fly List, sir.
What are you talking about?
I fly all the time.
Was there an incident recently
where you were arrested
at LaGuardia Airport?
Fuck.
Yeah, but that was
a misunderstanding.
I'm sorry, sir,
there's nothing I can do.
Wait, you got to be
fucking kidding me.
Well, there is an appeals
process if you'd like
-to give them a call.
-All right, go fuck yourself.
[phone clatters]
[sighs]
* pensive music
***
Ah, here we go.
It's good you came.
We need to talk.
Well...
I'm done talking.
I'm here to listen.
Fair enough.
We need to put
our differences aside.
I just got finished
burying one of my men
-because of him.
-That's a two-way street.
-Stop-stop, just stop--
-That's a two-way-- No, no, no.
Who fucking stabbed who first?
Oh, you want to do this?
Let's do this.
Could you guys
just shut the fuck up?
Yes, we have competing agendas
and-and...
varied interests.
Who gives a shit?
Right now we have
a common enemy.
There's nothing in common
between us.
-I mean, get that straight.
-Is that so?
This guy here
is afraid of getting killed.
He's scared.
Scared of you? [chuckles]
Dream fucking on.
No?
Okay, then why are you
so desperate
to let everybody know
that you weren't involved
in trying to kill me?
It wasn't me, Dwight.
Or you wouldn't be
sitting here right now.
It was Ming.
Ming?
Ming.
Your partner.
That's called
guilt by association.
I could, justifiably,
blow your brains out right now
and feel good about it.
It wasn't me.
I had nothing to do
with the bombing.
It was his idea all along.
His idea was
to get rid of everyone
and take everything else.
Look, it's obvious there's
no love lost between any of us.
But while we're trying
to kill each other--
for what turns out to be
no reason whatsoever--
Ming is gonna take over.
So, you want
or need my help?
No, we all need each other's
help. That's why you're here.
Let me think on it.
You better think fast, Dwight.
* dramatic music
***
This fucking guy.
[knocking]
[Jun Hie]
Sir.
There's somebody here.
They need to talk to you.
I'm very sorry
to just show up like this.
What do you want?
Do you know who I am?
You worked for Thresher.
And Dwight Manfredi.
Not anymore.
Manfredi wants to kill me.
I robbed his casino.
I took half a million dollars.
So, what do you want?
I'll never live to spend it
if Manfredi is alive.
So fucking kill him.
I can't.
Which is it?
You're a thief with a conscience
or a thief with no balls?
I'm not a killer, sir.
Ah.
But you know I am,
which is why you're here.
Manfredi knows it was you
behind the car bombing.
Thresher told him.
And now he's coming for me.
Hard.
Hard?
He's nothing to me.
If you're lying...
...I will kill you.
After I kill your entire family
in front of you first.
I believe you.
I would never test you.
Sir.
How do I get to him?
When is he most vulnerable?
When he's with his girlfriend
at her ranch.
Tell me.
Who's there?
Who protects him?
No one protects him,
no one's there.
Taking them both out
would be simple.
I know every inch of that place.
I can find my way in the dark.
* suspenseful music
***
The house is just up there.
How much more?
Just around the corner.
I need a second.
The fuck are you doing?
[Armand huffs]
I'm short of breath.
It's fucking nerves.
Move.
[rapid gunfire]
Aah!
* percussive, upbeat music
***
[grunting]
Good shot, Grace.
I'm glad you didn't kill him.
[chuckles]
You can take off now.
Mitch, Bigfoot,
you know what to do.
Oh, we sure do.
[grunting]
[Mitch]
All right.
Time to shine.
No, no.
[grunting]
Get up, get up.
[vehicle engines start]
We should
get rid of those bodies.
Our Indian friends
will take care of that.
We got some business to discuss.
It'll keep
until tomorrow, right?
Come on, boys.
-All right.
-[indistinct chatter]
Let's finish this.
-Finish what?
-You'll see.
* tense music
***
[muffled shouting]
Yes.
Here.
You do it.
What?
Y-You want--
Of course. It's justified.
It's justified?
Yes.
Tyson, this is the man
who almost killed your father
and you.
-It's justified.
-Mm-mmm.
[muffled shouting]
Justified.
This is the man
who caused all the bloodletting.
You.
-[groans]
-I say
good fucking riddance.
So, yes.
It's justified.
It's justifiable.
[muffled grunting]
[grunts, groans]
[horse neighs]
Hmm. Clean shot.
What the hell
are you doing here?
What the fuck is he doing here?
Hey, put the gun down.
Can you please tell us
what the hell is going on?
Sure. Listen up.
[knocking]
[Bigfoot]
It's me, boss.
Come in.
We got a visitor.
* intriguing music
***
I'm sorry, Dwight.
-[door closes]
-Was he armed?
Forty-five.
It was in his pocket.
[Armand]
I wasn't... I didn't mean to...
I-I've been walking around
half a mil, Dwight.
I would never...
So, you brought me back
my own money, Armand?
That's nice.
What the fuck do you think
I should do with you?
I swore I'd never run again,
and I did.
I'm a pathetic
piece of fucking shit.
You should take that and blow
my fucking brains out, Dwight.
Just fucking... take me out.
I don't want to be here anymore.
I don't go nothing left.
Just, please, just do it
so I don't have to do it later.
My whole life
is one fuck-up after another.
But, Dwight, I tried.
You know,
I tried with everything.
I really did.
All I ever wanted
was to do right
with my family and my kids,
and I lost them.
They're gone. They left me.
I'm a pathetic piece of shit
in front of them.
What you are
is a liability, Armand.
A danger.
Not to my enemies...
-but to me.
-[Joanne] Dwight!
[Armand] You're right.
I'm a complete failure.
I mean, you've been through
hell worse than anybody, Dwight,
and look at you. Here you are.
You're... you're a man
who means something,
who did something,
who's somebody
who should be respected.
I will never know that feeling.
I don't deserve to know it.
Enough with
the "Oh, woe is me" bullshit.
Unless you committed murder...
...it's never too late
to make things right, Armand.
You understand?
It's never
too fucking late.
Say it.
Never too late.
Say it again.
It's never too late.
That's right.
Now, get up.
Now we're gonna talk.
And you're gonna make it right.
Thank you. Thank you.
[Dwight]
Armand returned the 500 grand
and helped
set this whole thing up.
So, Armand,
we're square.
You think Margaret'll
let me back in?
Mm.
I'll ask her tomorrow morning.
Now, why don't
you guys take off.
Bigfoot, you want to bury that?
[Bigfoot]
With pleasure.
[shoveling dirt]
Hope you like your new roommate.
[chuckles]
* "Learning to Fly" by Tom
Petty and The Heartbreakers *
* Well, I started out
* Down a dirty road
* Started out
* All alone
* And the sun went down
[train horn blares]
* As I crossed the hill
* And the town lit up *
* The world got still
* I'm learning to fly *
* But I ain't got wings
* Coming down
* Is the hardest thing
* Well, the good old days...
You okay?
Yeah.
Everything's okay. Yeah.
I could use a shower.
* And the rocks might melt...
How's the ranch?
No damage.
* I'm learning to fly... *
Did you accomplish your goal?
* But I ain't got wings...
Oh, yeah.
Mission accomplished.
Hurry up.
Come to bed.
[soft chuckle]
On my way.
* percussive, upbeat music
***